docs: tier ranking system (#689)
AstarNetwork/astar-docs: docs/learn/dapp-staking/dapp-staking-protocol.md

having a larger stake than the other dApp(s). Technically, at the moment, the dApp with the lower `dApp Id` will have the advantage over a dApp with
the larger Id but this can change in the future.

### Tier ranking system
Because dApps at the same tier receive equal rewards regardless of their staked amount, we introduced a ranking system for dApps within the tier itself. This will improve reward distribution for dApps that perform better within a tier if there are available rewards to be distributed.

dApps are not only grouped into tiers but they're also ranked inside each tier (except highest tier which doesn't have ranking).
When a dApp has the minimum stake amount to just enter the tier, its rank will be **0** (zero). As they progress towards the upper tier, their rank will increase.
If a dApp is halfway to the next tier, its rank is **5** (five). If they are almost at the next tier, their rank is **9** (nine).
If a dApp reaches the threshold to enter the next tier but there is no empty slot in that tier and the dApp remains in the current tier, they will get the highest rank of **10** (ten).

#### Rank reward

> Each rank provides up to a **10%** extra reward on top of the tier reward. To respect inflation, each rank reward comes from empty slots within the same tier. Each tier has its own portion of rewards to distribute. If all tier slots are occupied, the tier reward is distributed equally to each dApp in that tier, leaving no remaining reward for ranks. If there is a remaining reward, it goes towards rewarding the ranks. Depending on the availability, the rank reward can go up to **10%** of the tier reward. For example, if you are in tier **2** with a rank of **5** and the tier reward is **1000 ASTR**, then your reward will be **1000 ASTR + 0.5 * 1000 ASTR = 1500 ASTR**.

Reviewer: **1000 ASTR + 0.5 * 1000 ASTR = 1500 ASTR**.

this is 50% and not 5%

Author: yes 50%, rank 5 * 10% = 50% extra reward

:::note

> If **10%** of tier reward cannot be satisfied then the following formula is used ${rank\_reward} = \frac{remaining\_reward}{\sum \forall dApp\_rank}$

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: put the formula for the rank reward on a separate line. I've checked the deployment, it looks kind of cluttered.

Also, might be good to provide a simple example for this.
I suspect that if we end up with such a situation, our users will start calculating rewards on their own and will wonder why they aren't as _they expect it to be_.

having a larger stake than the other dApp(s). Technically, at the moment, the dApp with the lower `dApp Id` will have the advantage over a dApp with
the larger Id but this can change in the future.

### Tier ranking system

> Because dApps at the same tier receive equal rewards regardless of their staked amount, we introduced a ranking system for dApps within the tier itself. This will improve reward distribution for dApps that perform better within a tier if there are available rewards to be distributed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because dApps at the same tier receive equal rewards regardless of their staked amount, ranking system has been introduced for dApps within the tier itself. This will improve reward distribution for dApps that perform better within a tier if there are available rewards to be distributed.
```

_we_ approach isn't used anywhere in the docs, hence the suggestion.

> dApps are not only grouped into tiers but they're also ranked inside each tier (except highest tier which doesn't have ranking).

Reviewer 2: Going over this, one thing I see missing is the actual formula to calculate the rank - it's explained in text (e.g. "halfway to the next tier...") but it's not expressed mathematically. I'd suggest to add this.

Author: updated

If a dApp is halfway to the next tier, its rank is **5** (five). If they are almost at the next tier, their rank is **9** (nine).
If a dApp reaches the threshold to enter the next tier but there is no empty slot in that tier and the dApp remains in the current tier, they will get the highest rank of **10** (ten).

> Formula to calculate rank threshold is as follows ${rank\_threshold} = {\frac{{upper\_tier\_treshold} - {tier\_threshold}}{10}}$

Reviewer 2: Would more correct be to say that `rank_threshold` is the number you calculate in your formula + `tier_threshold`?

This is more of a `rank_offset` I guess.

Author: offset doesn't make sense to me. it's more like a step threshold

Reviewer: I'd avoid mentioning `threshold` word in the Ranking chapter. It is already complex enough how all of it works. In the Oracle section you talk about thresholds in generic terms not mentioning is it Ranking or Tier threshold.
Better use some other word.

Reviewer 2: I guess it's ok then.

Lastly, we can determine the rank for the dApp ${rank} = \frac{{stake\_amount} - {tier\_threshold}}{rank\_threshold}$

> For example, if the tier thresholds are [100, 500, 1000] and the dApp has 300 ASTR staked, the dApp will enter **2nd** tier with a rank of **5**. The calculations are as follows: ${rank\_threshold} = \frac{500 - 100}{10} = 40$ and ${rank} = \frac{300 - 100}{40} = 5$

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused about this part - there are 3 tiers according to the array.
If dApp has 300 ASTR staked, won't the tier be 3 in this case?

Author: yes, fixing
